Fixing dead links and some wording in `07-add-a-pallet` tutorial (#1068)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/tutorials/07-add-a-pallet/index.mdx

   ![Set a name](../../../src/images/tutorials/07-add-a-pallet/set-name.png)

1. Observe the status of the call and the [events](/rustdocs/latest/pallet_nicks/pallet/enum.Event.html) emitted by the Nicks pallet.

### Query information for an account using the Nicks pallet

Next, you can use Query capability to read the value of Alice's nickname from the [runtime storage](/v3/runtime/storage) for the Nicks pallet.

To return the information stored for Alice:

1. In the Pallet Interactor component, select an Interaction Type of **Query**.

1. Select `nicks` from the list of pallets available to query.

> 1. Select [`nameOf`](https://docs.rs/pallet-nicks/3.0.0/src/pallet_nicks/lib.rs.html#83) as the callable function.

Reviewer: We never reference docs.rs (as it's not presently updated to `latest`)
```suggestion
1. Select [`nameOf`](/rustdocs/latest/pallet_nicks/pallet/enum.Call.html#variant.set_name) as the callable function.
```
